Warm places to visit in March in the USA for a memorable spring holiday!

The United States of America is a versatile continent that has thousands of places to visit all year round. However, if you are searching for a warm, cozy getaway in SpringSpring, here are the best warm places to visit in March in the USA. After surviving a freezing winter from November until the end of February, anyone would want to get out and grab some fresh air. It is refreshing to see flowers blossom with all the colors in the universe. Children, teenagers, young adults, parents, and even older people love to experience a good spring break. There are plenty of choices in the USA, but you have to select the right one for your family. 

Every traveler who loves to experience SpringSpring in the USA with its best views, here are some of the places you can visit. Whether it is the warm sunny shores or cherry blossoms, the USA has many options for you to enjoy your March the best way possible. 

Unforgettable Atlanta, Georgia


With beautiful daffodils and tulips emerging from the earth, Spring in Atlanta is a sure win. If you are waiting for a cozy getaway that warms your heart, Atlanta, Georgia, is one of the best places to visit in the US in March. Even though you can expect around one and a half weeks of rain around March, when it is sunny, you can pay a visit to the Centennial Olympic Park or wander among the botanical gardens. There are loads of indoor activities such as visiting the World of Coca-Cola, CNN Studio Tour, the Aquarium, and the High Museum of Art. 

Apart from the indoor and outdoor attractions that Atlanta offers, plenty of Spring festivals keep Atlanta, among the best places to visit in SpringSpring, USA. Some of the most famous festivals that take place in March and throughout Spring are BBQ Festival, Bourbon, Moorish Renaissance Festival, Cherry Blossom Festival, the Beer, and St. Patrick’s Day events. 

March vacation ideas for couples – Austin, Texas 

Austin can be too hot to enjoy in summer. That makes it an ideal place to go in March, during SpringSpring. After January, you can expect the least amount of rainfall during this time. What makes Austin a great vacation spot for couples is that it has many outdoor activities that couples can enjoy together. Whether you want to enjoy a quiet getaway or go on a mountain ride, Texas has a lot to offer. With that being said, it is apt for families and groups as well. 

When the SpringSpring starts, you can enjoy an array of outdoor activities. Some of the best activities to do are enjoying the natural beauty in Zilker Park, Umlauf Sculpture Gardens, Museums, and Botanical Gardens. You can also hop to Ann and Roy Butler Hike and even go on a bike trail. In case you have a rainy day while in Austin, you can plan a day to enjoy the culture in Texas by going to State Capitol Building. You can enjoy a free tour with a look around the Bullock Texas State History Museum. You can also enjoy Austin’s rich culture by visiting the Museum Of The Weird and Blanton Museum of Art. 

With all the cultural and outdoor activities, Austin also has a ton of happening festivals in March. Therefore, you might want to book your air tickets and accommodation in advance if you plan on visiting Texas in March. Some of the significant festivals in Austin include Austin Kite Fest, Rodeo Austin, and SXSW. 


Charming Charlotte, North Carolina 


Charlotte has about two weeks of rain that takes place in SpringSpring. However, the rains usually end during the mornings, leaving the day bright and sunny. This also makes the afternoons less humid and more comfortable to walk around outside. Going to Charlotte in North Carolina towards the end of March makes a stunning warm-weather travel spot. It is one of the best places to visit in March in the US because you can have a mixture of indoor and outdoor activities here. 

You can enjoy a post-rain walk to explore the post-civil war remnants at Levine Museum in the New South. You can also explore science with hands-on experience at Discovery Place. Then, you can spend a few hours in the NASCAR Hall of Fame and then head outside. By the time you finish going to these places, the afternoon will be bright and beautiful. You can end the day at Carowinds Theme Park or take a stroll around the many botanical gardens such as Freedom Park. This charming city is one of the warm places to visit in March in the USA. 
